NVIDIA-918: Add NVIDIA DPF Operator documentation (#117142)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-dpf-installing-required-operators.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/networking_operators/dpf_operator/dpf-environment-setup.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
```

[id="nw-dpf-installing-required-operators_{context}"]
= Required operators

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you install the DPF Operator, the management cluster must have the cert-manager Operator, MetalLB Operator, GitOps Operator, and Maintenance Operator installed.

Reviewer: Can we turn this into a reference module and simply link to the required Operators install instructions instead of duplicating content, please?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/networking_operators/dpf_operator/dpf-environment-setup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-dpf-installing-required-operators_{context}"]
= Required Operators

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you install the DPF Operator, install the following Operators on the management cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you install the DPF Operator, you must install the {cert-manager-operator}, MetalLB Operator, {gitops-title},  and NVIDIA Maintenance Operator. 
```

* {cert-manager-operator}
+

> The {cert-manager-operator} is not installed in {product-title} by default. Install it by using the web console or CLI before deploying DPF. For installation instructions, see Additional resources.

Reviewer: These can be replaced by the direct titles in the additional resource [section](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-prerequisites-additional-resources-and-next-steps-titles-in-assemblies:~:text=Do%20not%20state%20%22in%20the%20Additional%20resources%20section%22%20or).
